- [singing in Japanese]
c0000001
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000002
♪ ♪
c0000003
c0000004
♪ ♪
c0000005
- Hmm.
c0000006
- [chirps]
- [gasps]
c0000007
[chuckles]
Hmm.
c0000008
- Hmm. I understand
the situation now.
c0000009
It's tough being
a girl in high school.
c0000010
- Uh, wait, is that it?
c0000011
- Well, even if I scold you,
you'd just enjoy it.
c0000012
So not punishing you
is actually more of a punishment
c0000013
for you, Sakuta.
- [groans]
c0000014
- But this isn't sitting right
with me.
c0000015
You hate lies like pretending
to be dating, don't you?
c0000016
- I don't know anyone who
would like a lie like that.
c0000017
- And that's why
it's not sitting right.
c0000018
What exactly are you hiding?
c0000019
- I've actually been enjoying
this view
c0000020
of your legs this whole time.
c0000021
- [gasps]
c0000022
I was already aware of that.
c0000023
[exhales sharply]
c0000024
[inhales]
Just hurry up
c0000025
and tell me everything.
c0000026
- [exhales]
c0000027
Well, Koga said
the same thing Kaede said
c0000028
when she first stopped going
to school.
c0000029
That she was embarrassed.
- [gasps]
c0000030
- She said that if her friends
found out that Maezawa
c0000031
asked her to date him,
c0000032
she wouldn't have a place
in class anymore.
c0000033
She didn't want people
thinking she was a loner
c0000034
'cause it embarrassed her.
c0000035
- How boring.
c0000036
- You react like that
to this topic?
c0000037
- Since you told me she reminded
you of your little sister,
c0000038
I can't be mad at you.
- [grunts]
c0000039
- I suppose I'll let you off
the hook this time.
c0000040
- Thank you very much!
c0000041
- But let's see now.
c0000042
Simply forgiving you won't
do much for the future.
c0000043
So show me how grateful you are.
c0000044
- [gasps]
c0000045
What do you want me to do?
c0000046
- The least you could do
is think of something yourself.
c0000047
- Hmm.
c0000048
Then--
- Wait, what the--
c0000049
- I'm showing you gratitude.
- No, that's your libido!
c0000050
- Th--then how about a date?
c0000051
We can go look at the hydrangeas
in Kamakura next Sunda--
c0000052
[groans]
- [grunts]
c0000053
I'm filming a drama!
c0000054
So I'll be in Kagoshima!
c0000055
- You will? I'm jealous.
c0000056
- I'm not going there
for a vacation.
c0000057
Oh, right.
c0000058
Take this.
c0000059
- Hmm?
c0000060
- I was given the outfit I wore
for a fashion shoot.
c0000061
- Should I consider
this thing substitute
c0000062
while you're in Kagoshima?
c0000063
- It's for your sister!
c0000064
She'll be 15 this year, right?
c0000065
I was thinking that dressing up
could spark interest for her
c0000066
to get out of the house.
c0000067
- [exhales]
c0000068
- Wh--Why that face?
c0000069
- It makes me really happy that
you're trying to look out
c0000070
for my little sister.
c0000071
I'm gonna go get her.
- [grunts]
c0000072
[gasps]
c0000073
[shouts]
c0000074
[door creaks]
c0000075
- Huh?
- [groaning]
c0000076
- What are you doing?
c0000077
- Not what you think!
c0000078
I definitely wasn't pretending
to be a ninja!
c0000079
- I was actually thinking
you were eavesdropping
c0000080
on our conversation.
c0000081
Well, this works out.
- Huh?
c0000082
- Oh, good evening.
c0000083
- G--Good evening.
c0000084
- This is from Mai.
c0000085
- [exhales]
c0000086
- You should try it on.
c0000087
- [grunts]
c0000088
- [chuckles]
So cute!
c0000089
- I don't usually
wear things like this.
c0000090
It's embarrassing.
c0000091
- You should say thank you
for the gift.
c0000092
- Oh, th--thank you so much!
c0000093
- You're very welcome.
c0000094
- Um, question.
c0000095
- What is it?
c0000096
- Is it okay if Kaede
calls you Mai?
c0000097
- [gasps]
Yeah, sure.
c0000098
And I'll start
calling you Kaede.
c0000099
- [giggles]
Yes!
c0000100
- Thanks for everything.
c0000101
- Why are you thanking me,
again?
c0000102
- It's been a while
since Kaede has spoken
c0000103
with anybody other than me,
c0000104
since she's been cooped up
at home.
c0000105
- It's not fun teasing you when
you're being genuine like this.
c0000106
I hope it doesn't
go beyond pretending.
c0000107
- What?
c0000108
- That first-year you mentioned.
c0000109
You're going on a date
after work tomorrow, right?
c0000110
- [gasps]
c0000111
I only have eyes for you, Mai,
c0000112
so you don't need to worry.
c0000113
- If you don't get it,
never mind.
c0000114
- What?
- Have a good night.
c0000115
- Goodnight to you, too.
c0000116
Kunimi, there's a Maezawa on
the basketball team, right?
c0000117
- Hmm?
Oh, you must mean Yosuke.
c0000118
- What's he like?
c0000119
- Well, from what I know,
c0000120
he's probably the best
basketball player at our school.
c0000121
And he's pretty popular
with the girls.
c0000122
- Keep giving me all
the info you can
c0000123
so I can properly hate him.
c0000124
- Wait, what's this all about?
c0000125
- It's hard to explain,
but if he's a good person,
c0000126
it'll haunt my conscience.
- [grunts]
c0000127
Well, I don't like
spreading gossip,
c0000128
but actually,
on the way back from practice,
c0000129
he was talking about how he
was going to dump his girlfriend
c0000130
'cause she wasn't letting
him sleep with her.
c0000131
- Hold on, he has a girlfriend?
c0000132
- Yeah, a third-year
from another school.
c0000133
And he's always saying a lot
of demeaning things about
c0000134
his previous girlfriends, too.
c0000135
I sure hope I don't end up
like that.
c0000136
- Thank you
for the valuable info.
c0000137
Now it won't haunt my conscience
at all.
c0000138
[indistinct chatter]
c0000139
- Sorry to make you wait.
- Hmm?
c0000140
- Your face is all red.
- Oh?
c0000141
- And you're five minutes late.
c0000142
- Hey, I couldn't help it!
c0000143
I did have to get ready.
c0000144
- Get ready, you say?
c0000145
You do look pretty cute.
- D--Don't tell me I'm cute.
c0000146
- I've gotta dock points
for the lack of a mini skirt,
c0000147
but bare legs gets points.
c0000148
- You can't just check out
my legs, either!
c0000149
Oh, that's right.
c0000150
Your number.
c0000151
Yeah, I was gonna message you
to let you know I
c0000152
was running late,
c0000153
but I realized I never
got your phone number.
c0000154
- Sorry, don't have one.
- Huh?
c0000155
- Don't have a smartphone
or a flip phone.
c0000156
- How is that even possible?
Are you serious?
c0000157
How are you even alive?
c0000158
- Do people die because they
don't have smartphones?
c0000159
- Of course they do!
c0000160
[yawns]
c0000161
- Starting the date off
with a yawn?
c0000162
- I didn't sleep all that much.
c0000163
- You that excited for our date?
c0000164
- I was chatting
with all my friends in
c0000165
a group message past 2:00 a.m.
and after that I watched
c0000166
funny animal videos
and suddenly it was morning.
c0000167
I was also prepping
for our date a bit.
c0000168
- Why didn't you leave
and get some sleep?
c0000169
- Everyone else was still up
so I couldn't just leave.
c0000170
- Then you could have watched
those animal videos
c0000171
another time, right?
c0000172
- Everyone else said they
had seen them already.
c0000173
I'd be in trouble
if I couldn't join in.
c0000174
Rena recommended them,
after all.
c0000175
- So it's about Rena again.
c0000176
- Oh, I gotta respond.
c0000177
Mm...
c0000178
- [grunts]
c0000179
[lively music]
c0000180
♪ ♪
c0000181
[camera shutter clicks]
c0000182
- Wow, your eyes look
so dead here.
c0000183
- That's how they always look.
c0000184
- So your eyes always look dead,
huh?
c0000185
[laughs]
c0000186
- For our final act,
c0000187
we'll be attempting
a dive from the...
c0000188
- That penguin over there
reminds me of you.
c0000189
- Does that make you that
energetic one over there?
c0000190
- No, not that one.
c0000191
I'm the little penguin that
follows behind everyone else.
c0000192
- It's got your big butt.
c0000193
- I was speaking from my heart,
you jerk!
c0000194
- And they did it!
c0000195
Aww, looks like our friend
c0000196
finally woke up.
c0000197
Too bad the show's over!
c0000198
[all laughing]
c0000199
- He's fine with people laughing
at him.
c0000200
He's totally you, Sakuta.
c0000201
- [gasps]
- The dolphin show
c0000202
will be starting soon...
- [groans]
c0000203
- So please go check it out.
- Hmm?
c0000204
What's wrong?
c0000205
- You know, I wasn't like this
c0000206
when I was back
in middle school.
c0000207
- You're so frumpy.
c0000208
- And this is why
I didn't wanna show you!
c0000209
- I didn't even ask you to.
c0000210
- [groans]
c0000211
My dad got relocated.
c0000212
So I ended up moving here
from Fukuoka.
c0000213
I was in a group that
wasn't noticed in class
c0000214
so I assumed when I got
to Tokyo I'd be bullied
c0000215
and have no friends because
I wasn't cool enough for them.
c0000216
So I made sure to do research.
c0000217
I wore makeup for the first time
and went to a fancy salon
c0000218
to change my hair.
c0000219
I copied outfits
from fashion magazines.
c0000220
I got rid of my accent.
c0000221
And this is what
I ended up sounding like.
c0000222
- Did you change too much
and hate who you are?
c0000223
- No, not at all.
c0000224
I like myself.
c0000225
- Well then why are you
still agonizing over it?
c0000226
You're doing
that one adolescent thing
c0000227
and thinking, "This isn't
who I really am,"
c0000228
or something like that, yeah?
- Y--You're right, but--
c0000229
- How annoying.
- You jerk!
c0000230
- The past doesn't matter much.
c0000231
How you look now is who you are,
Koga.
c0000232
Regardless of the cause.
c0000233
You ended up this way 'cause
you put in the hard work
c0000234
to do so, right?
- Uh, yeah.
c0000235
- Plus, you like who you are at
the moment, don't you?
c0000236
But you're still saying,
"This isn't who I really am?"
c0000237
That's messed up.
You know that?
c0000238
- This is frustrating.
c0000239
I feel like you talked me
into agreeing with you.
c0000240
- Come on.
Let's go.
c0000241
We're heading to Enoshima next,
aren't we?
c0000242
- [chuckles]
c0000243
[gasps]
c0000244
- Hmm?
c0000245
You know her?
c0000246
- Yeah, she's a classmate
of mine.
c0000247
Yoneyama!
- [gasps]
c0000248
Huh?
c0000249
K--Koga?
c0000250
Uh, and you.
c0000251
That guy we find acceptable now.
- [stammers]
c0000252
That sentiment's really
spreading around, isn't it?
c0000253
- Oh, please forgive me.
c0000254
- Are you looking for something?
c0000255
- [gasps]
Yeah.
c0000256
- I can help you find it,
if you want.
c0000257
- I--It's okay!
c0000258
I don't wanna bother someone
from Kashiba's group.
c0000259
- It'll be much faster
if we all look together.
c0000260
- Our upper classman has spoken.
c0000261
- Um, okay.
c0000262
It's a phone strap.
c0000263
My friends and I got some
to match each other.
c0000264
This one has a jellyfish charm
on it.
c0000265
- And you're sure you dropped
it somewhere around here?
c0000266
- I--I'm sorry
but I'm not entirely sure.
c0000267
- You don't have to apologize.
- [chuckles]
c0000268
Sakuta may be a strange guy
but he's not scary.
c0000269
- Mm.
- Uh, is that it?
c0000270
[both gasp]
c0000271
- Oh, no!
- Hey, wait!
c0000272
- Koga!
- Ah, cha, cha!
c0000273
Yay!
c0000274
[shouting]
- [groans]
c0000275
- Are you okay?
c0000276
- [birds chirping]
c0000277
- Did you catch a cold?
c0000278
- Sakuta.
c0000279
- I heard you were here
from Rena.
c0000280
- I'm totally fine.
c0000281
- Want canned oranges?
They're good.
c0000282
- It's against the school rules
to leave campus during class.
c0000283
- I guess you don't want 'em,
then.
c0000284
- [grunts]
I do.
c0000285
- I'll even do the, "Say ah"
thing if you want me to.
c0000286
- It's hard to eat things
like that.
c0000287
[lid peels off]
c0000288
Hey, Sakuta?
c0000289
Why'd you go along
with my unreasonable requests?
c0000290
- Because you seemed so
desperate when you asked me.
c0000291
- You felt sorry even though
you don't really know me?
c0000292
- I mean, we did kick
each other's butts.
c0000293
- Hey, I'm trying
to be serious here.
c0000294
- When we first met I could tell
that you were a good person.
c0000295
And to be honest,
being cute helps.
c0000296
- Aww, you're teasing again.
c0000297
- If you were ugly I don't
think I would have still
c0000298
done this stuff for you.
c0000299
That's just how us guys are.
c0000300
- Well, I think that
you still would have.
c0000301
- If you have a cold,
you should have stayed at home.
c0000302
- I can't keep up
with conversation
c0000303
if I do that, though.
c0000304
- Even after a single day?
c0000305
- That one day can
be life-threatening.
c0000306
- But you're still missing stuff
by being in here.
c0000307
- Yeah, and I'm worried
about that, too.
c0000308
What's everyone saying about
me being in the nurse's office?
c0000309
- You're too self-conscious,
you know that?
c0000310
- Well, maybe you should be,
too!
c0000311
Everyone always looks
at you funny.
c0000312
And they make fun of you.
How are you just okay with that?
c0000313
- It's not like I'm living
for all of humanity
c0000314
to like me,
so why would I care?
c0000315
- I wanna make sure everyone
likes me.
c0000316
Or just don't hate me, at least.
c0000317
- Having just one person
like me is enough.
c0000318
So even if the whole world
hated me,
c0000319
as long as that one person
still needs me,
c0000320
I'd be fine.
- Huh?
c0000321
Here you go.
I brought you a thank you gift.
c0000322
- Why canned peaches?
c0000323
'Cause they're like your butt?
c0000324
- Stop being perverted!
c0000325
- I guess I'll be sure
to savor these
c0000326
peaches later tonight
while thinking of you.
c0000327
- Ah, you're such a dummy!
c0000328
I'll have you know that my butt
is not as big as you say it is!
c0000329
- Oh, come on.
No need to be humble.
c0000330
- Can you just stop already?
c0000331
Hey, Sakuta.
c0000332
Did things with Sakurajima
end up being okay?
c0000333
- Waiting on a reply.
- What?
c0000334
She hasn't rejected you yet?
c0000335
- If that whole loop
situation never happened,
c0000336
she was going to agree
to us dating during
c0000337
our lunch break that day.
c0000338
- You're lying.
- I'm telling the truth.
c0000339
- You've gotta be kidding.
c0000340
This is Sakurajima here.
c0000341
She's in showbiz.
c0000342
Has she told you before that
she loved you or something?
c0000343
- Well, no.
c0000344
At least not yet.
c0000345
- Ya see? That means that
it's only one-sided.
c0000346
- My goal when
I ask her out again
c0000347
is gonna be to get her
to say that she loves me.
c0000348
- [breathing heavily]
- Hey, Mai. What's up?
c0000349
- I figured you were probably
missing the sound of my voice
c0000350
so I called for your sake.
c0000351
- Well, good timing,
c0000352
'cause I was just thinking
about you.
c0000353
- I hope you have
your underwear on.
c0000354
Though it's natural for you
to do those sorts of things
c0000355
while thinking about me.
c0000356
- I'm naked!
c0000357
- [groans]
Pervert.
c0000358
- I'm kidding.
c0000359
I just got out of the bath,
c0000360
but I am wearing underwear.
c0000361
- It's not cute when you lie
like that.
c0000362
- But next time I have
a restless night,
c0000363
I'll definitely be thinking
of you, Mai.
c0000364
- Yeah, yeah.
Do as you wish.
c0000365
Anyway, how are things
over there?
c0000366
Was that date with your
little girlfriend fun?
c0000367
- Well, sorta, I guess.
c0000368
- Huh.
c0000369
- I get the feeling that wasn't
the right way
c0000370
to answer that question.
- [chuckles]
c0000371
How about you leave your house
right now and come down
c0000372
to Kagoshima to see me?
c0000373
- When I'm there I need
to hug you
c0000374
while I'm naked, right?
c0000375
- You've ruined the mood.
c0000376
- [chuckles]
c0000377
So, Mai,
having fun with the filming?
c0000378
- Yeah, it's really fun.
c0000379
Do you have any jobs you'd like
to do, Sakuta?
c0000380
- Well, I think I'd like
to be Santa Claus at some point.
c0000381
- Are you saying that because
he only works one day out
c0000382
of the year?
- Guilty as charged.
c0000383
- Saying dumb things
will make you dumb, you know.
c0000384
[birds chirping]
c0000385
[burner hissing]
c0000386
- Hey, Futaba.
- [gasps]
c0000387
- Yo.
c0000388
- Kunimi!
c0000389
[inhales and exhales sharply]
c0000390
Do you need something?
c0000391
- I was wondering if Sakuta
was here,
c0000392
'cause I didn't see him in
the classroom.
c0000393
- I think he's with
that first-year right now.
c0000394
- Oh, yeah, that makes sense.
c0000395
- I'll let Azusagawa know you
were looking for him.
c0000396
- Futaba, are you in here?
c0000397
Oh, sorry for intruding.
- [gasps]
c0000398
[grunts]
c0000399
Are you an idiot?
'Cause you must be an idiot!
c0000400
Don't weirdly remove yourself!
c0000401
Kunimi will catch on!
c0000402
- If he was gonna notice
from something like that,
c0000403
then he would have already
caught on.
c0000404
- [gasps]
- To your feelings for him.
c0000405
- That'd be a problem.
c0000406
- It seems like you guys
are pretty busy,
c0000407
so I'll talk to you later,
Sakuta.
c0000408
- He looked as handsome
as always.
c0000409
Right, Futaba?
c0000410
- So, what does Azusagawa--
the not-so-handsome rascal--
c0000411
want from me today?
c0000412
- Well, I haven't relived
the same day again
c0000413
since that last time so I
was wondering if you knew
c0000414
why that might be.
c0000415
- It's probably exactly what
c0000416
you assumed it was, then.
c0000417
That first-year girl you've
been hanging out with
c0000418
who is supposedly your
new girlfriend
c0000419
was Laplace's demon.
c0000420
She kept rolling the dice until
a future that
c0000421
was the most convenient
for her happened.
c0000422
And since her current condition
c0000423
is something
she's satisfied with,
c0000424
there's no need to relive
it anymore.
c0000425
- Yeah, but she isn't aware
of it at all.
c0000426
- If she was then that'd
probably make her a real demon.
c0000427
- Mm? Kamisato?
c0000428
- I'm pretty sure
I've told you once before.
c0000429
I don't want you getting close
to Yuma.
c0000430
- No, I
believe what you
actually told me
c0000431
was to not talk to him.
c0000432
- They're exactly the same.
c0000433
Also, what's with that girl in
the physics lab, huh?
c0000434
What's she to Yuma?
c0000435
They seem to be talking a lot.
c0000436
- Why not ask Kunimi?
c0000437
- Well, you're friends with her,
too, right?
c0000438
So just answer me!
c0000439
- What's making you
so irritated?
c0000440
Constipation?
- [grunts]
c0000441
Die! Die right now!
c0000442
[snarls]
You're absolutely the worst!
c0000443
- Get some dietary fiber!
c0000444
All right, so, it's annoying,
but I'm just gonna say it.
c0000445
Your girlfriend picked a fight
with me again yesterday.
c0000446
- That's really unfortunate
to hear.
c0000447
- You're gonna have to choose
between me and her, you know.
c0000448
- Oh, come on, Sakuta.
c0000449
What's up with that
not-so-ultimate ultimatum?
c0000450
But fine.
I'll call her about it tonight.
c0000451
- I hope that fixes this.
c0000452
- Unrelated, but...
c0000453
Is it true that
you're dating Koga?
c0000454
- Yeah, that's right.
c0000455
- Ah, so you really are?
c0000456
- Well, I guess it's more like
a trial period for the moment.
c0000457
- Seems like I really should
have told you about
c0000458
this yesterday, then.
- Huh?
c0000459
- It's about Koga.
c0000460
- What is it?
c0000461
- There's some bad rumors
about her.
c0000462
Like how she's easy,
screwing you all the time.
c0000463
And all sorts of other
really bad stuff.
c0000464
- People are saying that?
c0000465
- I also heard it
from the basketball
c0000466
team's group messages.
c0000467
Sakuta, you asked about Yosuke
the other day, right?
c0000468
- [scoffs]
c0000469
[indistinct chatter]
c0000470
Huh?
c0000471
- Oh.
c0000472
- Futaba, you ever stop
and think,
c0000473
"What if things were different
back then?"
c0000474
- Are you referring to taking
care of your little sister?
c0000475
- Yeah. Is that a problem?
c0000476
- No, not really.
c0000477
It's more like it's out
of character for you.
c0000478
- I mean, it's not that I wanna
do everything over per se.
c0000479
I just wanna stop thinking about
dumb what-if situations,
c0000480
'cause it's pointless
to even think about them.
c0000481
- Oh, I see.
Now that sounds more like you.
c0000482
- Another question.
- What is it?
c0000483
- If I'm going against
someone larger
c0000484
who also plays on
a school sports team,
c0000485
do you think there's
any way I can win?
c0000486
- Who knows?
c0000487
Humans aren't
the average monkey.
c0000488
Maybe you can win
if you use your brain.
c0000489
[door creaks]
c0000490
[door shuts]
c0000491
[beeps]
c0000492
- Hey, it's me, Mai.
c0000493
I just got back from filming
in Kagoshima
c0000494
and I figured that I
would let you know.
c0000495
[phone receiver clicks]
- [chuckles]
c0000496
[indistinct chatter]
c0000497
- They screwed up cutting
my bangs.
c0000498
Doesn't it look terrible?
c0000499
- You look like someone
just died.
c0000500
- Uh?
c0000501
Sakuta.
c0000502
- I hear that
they're screwing all the time.
c0000503
- [groans]
[all laughing]
c0000504
- Seems like first years like
to sleep around these days, huh?
c0000505
- [scoffs]
c0000506
- Hey, did you just laugh
at me?
c0000507
- I'm still laughing at you.
Problem?
c0000508
- [scoffs]
You messing with me?
c0000509
- No, I'm just making fun
of you.
c0000510
[groans]
[girls screaming]
c0000511
- Sakuta!
c0000512
- [grunts]
c0000513
[grunts]
c0000514
- [gasps]
c0000515
- Huh? You wanna fight?
c0000516
- [labored breathing]
c0000517
[shouting]
c0000518
[blow lands]
- [groans]
c0000519
[groans]
c0000520
You can't do that, you cheater!
c0000521
- Actually, you're the cheater!
- [groans]
c0000522
[all gasping]
c0000523
So lame.
- What did you say?
c0000524
- You know, you should probably
go wash your face.
c0000525
- Huh?
- I stepped in poop yesterday.
c0000526
- [gasping]
c0000527
[sniffing]
c0000528
[indistinct chatter]
c0000529
[groaning]
c0000530
Don't mess with me!
c0000531
- You're the one
that's messing with people.
c0000532
- [grunts]
- If you don't wanna
c0000533
be shown off on public display,
c0000534
don't do stupid stuff like this.
c0000535
Your way of life is so lame.
c0000536
- Stop it.
That's enough.
c0000537
- Sorry, but I have one
last thing to say.
c0000538
I'm getting screwed all the
time?
c0000539
Give me a break!
- [grunts]
c0000540
- I am a virgin!
c0000541
- [whimpers]
c0000542
[shouts]
c0000543
Wait, I--
c0000544
You went too far, Sakuta!
c0000545
- You think I care?
c0000546
- That was going way too far!
[both laughing]
c0000547
I think I finally understand
a bit of what you were trying
c0000548
to tell me.
- Hmm?
c0000549
The, "even if the whole world
was your enemy,
c0000550
as long as there's one person
that needs you," thingy.
c0000551
- Thingy? At least try
to remember things properly.
c0000552
- It actually felt like I
was your girlfriend.
c0000553
Like I was being cherished
by someone.
c0000554
- I promised you all that
for the first term, didn't I?
c0000555
- You wouldn't normally go
so far for the sake
c0000556
of a fake girlfriend, though.
c0000557
- What can I say?
I'm a perfectionist.
c0000558
- Seriously? So boring.
c0000559
- What'd you say?
c0000560
- You can't tell?
My accent isn't that bad.
c0000561
All I did was call you boring.
c0000562
[cell phone vibrating]
[gasps]
c0000563
Oh, it's from Rena.
c0000564
[giggles]
c0000565
She says Maezawa's
so disappointing.
c0000566
- If some poop on his face makes
her lose interest in him,
c0000567
it means that her attraction
to him was superficial.
c0000568
- Oh. Yeah, that's right.
c0000569
That reminds me of something.
c0000570
- A bathroom break?
- No!
c0000571
- I--I've, uh, never...
c0000572
Done anything like that.
- Like what?
c0000573
- [whimpers]
c0000574
I'm also still a virgin!
c0000575
- [laughing]
c0000576
- You're horrible
for laughing at me!
c0000577
- You seriously thought that I'd
believe a rumor like that?
c0000578
- No, I didn't but I'd
be uncomfortable if you did so--
c0000579
- Okay, but didn't you say
that you used to have
c0000580
a boyfriend at some point?
c0000581
- I mean, everyone was saying
they had boyfriends
c0000582
back in middle school
and they were like,
c0000583
"Of course you had one, too,
right, Tomoe?"
c0000584
- Oh, I see.
c0000585
- Besides, if I told you
I never dated anyone,
c0000586
I knew that you'd make fun
of me.
c0000587
- What exactly are you fighting,
Koga?
c0000588
- I don't know.
c0000589
Hey, Sakuta?
c0000590
- Yeah?
c0000591
- How should I be paying
you back when
c0000592
this whole thing is over?
c0000593
- Well, when you drop the lies,
you're welcome to be my friend.
c0000594
- [gasps]
c0000595
- But you don't have to.
c0000596
- Mm-mmm.
c0000597
[chuckles]
You're so hopeless.
c0000598
We're gonna be best friends.
c0000599
Hmm.
[cell phone vibrates]
c0000600
[tapping on smartphone screen]
c0000601
[exhales]
c0000602
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000603
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000604
♪ ♪
c0000605
c0000606
- Oh, Sakuta.
You're such a rascal.